# Post Mortem
  I had so much fun in class and at home making this project! The time really flies by when your having fun :) I was already somewhat familiar with Android studio and I had previously taken a year of java. The most fun part is getting to see your app running right there on your device. I started this project with an edit text, a button and a text view. From there I got the math working how I wanted it and then added the calculator keypad and styled the buttons and played with the colors using drawable.xml files and <shape>. If I was going to do this project again - thats the order I'd do it. Get the functionality first using just the regular keyboard for input and then add the buttons. Also I'd recomend using an array instead of a stack because the concept is just easier. Just keep the two values in the first two slots in the array and then when you see an operator, do the math. Thanks for the help on that Adam.
  The most challenging part of this project came at the very end when I lost my entire project because I hadn't been pushing to github often enough. I was trying to figure out how to push my project to a different repository instead of making a new repository when it was pushed. I ended up selecting rebase and put my project in a different folder in my flash drive which overwrote my progress with an older version of the project. Last night I scrambled to get the project back to a shadow of its previous self. My input validation to ensure the app didn't crash under certain circumstances and my styled buttons and text and color- gone. I WILL PUSH OFTEN AND SAVE MY WORK FROM NOW ON. Im still bummed about this. Don't do what i did.
   Still a point of confusion for me is how to push to a specific repository / branch. It seems like there are no options inside of android studio...that I can find at least. I'll still be looking out for that. For me, this is probably the most difficult aspect of the project to understand. Also- I wasn't really sure how to find the binary APK file of the entire project. I only found the debug apk - not sure if thats the same thing. Another issue I had was figuring out how to make my app not crash if the input was not in proper postfix notation. My idea was to catch the exception that the app was throwing before it crashed and instead keep the app running and display a nice Toast message saying that the "input was not in post fix notation". I'll be looking into exception handling.
  Instaed of hard coding each button and assigning its value with a findViewById my next project will hopefully implement the dynamically allocated objects based on tags and children like we saw in class.
