# Post Mortem
This project so far has been the most challenging. I fiddled with a guide from tutsplus with no avail for a few days of work and then switched to a guide from android.com. This one I adapted and got it to work. It was very challenging becuase I wasn't sure of what I was looking at. The app seemed to be working but I wasn't why it wasn't returning anything. This project has taught me to scour my log to figure out what was going on. I figured out that I needed to compress the bitmap and scale the bitmap down to speed up the cloud vision call. Also, I realized that my app was skipping hundreds of frames at a time and that I needed to run certain parts of code on a different thread. I also had to switch back to the main thread in certain parts; because views created by the main thread are not accessable by a different thread. I would recommend NOT using Async task in android. I found it much easier to use new Thread(new Runnable() { ... }).start(). This spawns a new thread which runs what ever code you put inside the runnable method. To switch back to the main thread, I just used runOnUiThread(new Runnable() {...}).start(). Something that was challenging was getting the code I adapted to compile. I had to change most of the methods to static which required me to change a lot of the variables to final so that I could reference them from a static context. I got some more practice moving to different activities and passing different types of data in an intent. The code that I adapted organizes the returned data into a Map of key/value pairs. I learned to pass a map which extends type (Serializable) and then traversed the map in one of my activities to find potential matches which the user can guess. I got some practice using a hash map in Java and with using enhanced for loops - which are really nice. This was the most fun and satisfying part of the project, to be able to see something that actually works! I thought that I would fail to get this one to work but I just kept staring at it, kept clicking run project and eventually with some luck and some googling - figured out what needed to be done to it. To succeed with this project, adapt this code !!: https://developer.android.com/things/training/doorbell/cloud-vision.html. 
